Add node resource availability (#378)
eclipse-ankaios/ankaios: ank/doc/swdesign/README.md

When the Ankaios CLI presents connected Ankaios agents to the user, the Ankaios CLI shall present the agents as rows in a table with the following content:

| NAME                     | WORKLOADS                        | CPU USAGE                | FREE MEMORY                      |
| ------------------------ | -------------------------------- | ------------------------ | -------------------------------- |

> | `<agent_name>` as text   | `<assigned_workloads>` as number | `<cpu_usage>` as percent | `<assigned_workloads>` as number |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `<agent_name>` as text   | `<assigned_workloads>` as number | `<cpu_usage>` as percent | `<free_memory>` as percent |
```

> | `<agent_name>` as text   | `<assigned_workloads>` as number | `<cpu_usage>` as percent | `<free_memory>` as floating point number |

Reviewer 2: Please check if the unit in which the free memory is provided.
```suggestion
| `<agent_name>` as text   | `<assigned_workloads>` as number | `<cpu_usage>` as load in percent | `<free_memory>` in bytes |
```
